logo
about
case studies
services
products
news
careers
contact
UX and Design
wireframes
 

Asynchrony has a tremendous legacy for our engineering rigor and technological integrity. We also craft software that demonstrates a compelling end-user experience. As such, our customers can expect both highly functional and beautiful software.

To meet this demand, Asynchrony has a dedicated team of designers and front-end engineers to ensure all delivered applications exceed customer expectations. The team’s focus is simple: deliver a user experience (UX) at a high-level of excellence to each and every Asynchrony project. In order to accomplish this, the Asynchrony UX Team focuses primarily in the areas of core competencies, human factors, agile process and brand + marketing.

ux-design-graphic
Core Competencies:
We accelerate the product with tasteful art direction and front-end engineering. The UX team creates the visual layers of each project through experienced art direction. Working in tandem with brand and product stakeholders, our team ensures the highest level of creative execution on all projects from desktop, web, mobile and tablet.

Human Factors:
As certified usability analysts, we provide user-centered design. Each member of our UX team goes through a stringent certification program for usability analysis and interaction design. Each designer is responsible for introducing elements of the UX process such as card sorting, task flow analysis, prototyping, and usability testing to every project at Asynchrony.

Agile Process:
We are a dedicated and embedded agile team resource. Asynchrony has consistently maintained a legacy of best-of-breed developers and agile practices, and the UX team harnesses these practices to deliver an exceptional user interface which is both responsive and optimized, regardless of platform.

Branding and Marketing:
Being an extension of client teams, we marry stakeholder advocacy with brand advocacy. It starts with our designers: each member of our UX team goes through a stringent certification program for usability analysis and interaction design in order to provide the best level of support to each project.

 

900 Spruce Street, Suite 700 
St. Louis, MO 63102 
314.678.2200
wwt-logo-footer2
	 